containerapp/ Resource Group name and Package microservice (#41)
mspnp/fabrikam-dronedelivery-workload: README.md

### Deploy the workload's prerequisites

```bash
az group create -n rg-shipping-dronedelivery -l ${LOCATION}
az deployment group create -n workload-stamp -g rg-shipping-dronedelivery-${LOCATION} -f ./workload-stamp.bicep
```

> :book: This pre-flight Bicep template is creating a general purpose resource group  as well as one dedicated for the Azure Container Registry. Additionally five User Identites are provisioned as part of this too that will be later associated to every containerized microservice. This is because they will need Azure RBAC roles over the Azure KeyVault to read secrets in runtime. The resources will be created on the resouce group location and each resource group will contain the region as part of their names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:book: This pre-flight Bicep template creates two resource groups: one for general purpose and another dedicated for the Azure Container Registry. Five user identities will be provisioned and associated with a distinct containerized microservice. These identities require Azure RBAC roles for Azure KeyVault, enabling them to read secrets at runtime. All resources will be created in the same location as their respective resource groups, and the name of each resource group will include the region name as part of their names.
```
